The Joe Rogan experience.
Well, obviously I was doing those shows with Dave till he got the.
Communities. What was that? It was, it was stubs here am theater.
Okay. Stubs has a 400 seat am theater. And, uh,
so we tested the entire crowd. And then, um, someone in Dave's circle,
not related to the show got COVID and was hanging around with Dave.
Got Dave sick, got three or four other people. Sick radio Raim got sick.
Um, uh, the photographer's son got sick.
I don't know if the photographer got sick. A lot of guys got sick.
Did you El get it? No, no. Elon already had it. Okay.
Is anti Elon had it in the past?
And a lot of people were saying his girlfriend Grimes gave it to Dave.
That's not true. No, he was another guy that gave it to Dave.
His girlfriend Grimes had gotten over it already long before,
like several days before she got to the show. You, yeah.
You, I don't know.
Maybe have the blood type or you just built different where you just,
you're not the guy who's gonna get COVID.
I don't know, man, but I got show. Well, see, I was at a show,
um, with, uh, several people that wound up getting COVID.
Cause I went to this show and uh, I didn't expect that it was gonna be like,
so COVID E <laugh>. Everybody was just, you can feel it. Yeah. Out here bro.
People don't give a. They just go out. But the thing is you can see Florida.
Yeah. Oh know.
Dude. I just show for new year Eve, I walked out and there's,
it was just everyone's together. And I come out. I'm like,
do you guys not get the news? Like, listen, I'm pretty loosey goosey,
but this's ridiculous. And I see a guy making up with two chicks in the front.
I go, Hey, hold on, stop. Do you know each other? They're like, no,
I'm like the you doing, man. They're not.
Worried. They're not worried about it. No, they don't care, man.
Do you know about, uh, Corin and zinc and all those,
the different medic or different nutrients? Yeah.
For people that didn't listen to the Mark Gordon podcast,
I'd recommend you listen to it because there's actual peer reviewed studies on
Corin, which is something called an ion four, which gets ions into the cells.
And then you take that with zinc has a much higher absorption rate of zinc.
And according to Dr. Gordon,
it essentially like stops viruses dead in its tracks. When you,
when you take this on a regular basis, even COVID. Yeah. And I'm, I'm just on,
I have not wavered even a little on my vitamins mean either. I.
I stay unless I got COVID right. I was like the Canary,
the coalmine for comics 20. But you were, there was the first one.
Yeah. It seems to me like kind of everybody's gonna get it. Yeah. At this point.
Be cool, man. Yeah.
Be cool. Yeah. Everybody's gonna get it be cool.
Well, the people is like, when you get it,
they're like want to yell at you for being irresponsible and for killing my
grandma, Kevin Hart so.
Much smart on me cuz he got it. And then announced six months later, like, Hey,
I did have it a few months ago and was like, all right. Not big deal.
Yeah. You were like, while you had it, you announced it. The day I got the Hey.
Got COVID. I.
Have a friend who got it and doesn't Joey lit you up. Oh, let me, well,
Joey was lit lightening me up for going and doing that show in Houston. Joey,
why you going to Houston? What the you doing? You wanna catch that?
Wanna catch that? Give a, give it to your friends. Joey, come on. Well,
he's worried about getting it.
You know? And he should be with, with his health and you know, his stature.
He should be, you know, cuz I have a, a family friend,
my mother-in-law's best friends, their son got he's 22, you know, outta shape.
But he, he passed away from it. I whoa. Yeah. He's 22, 22 mm-hmm <affirmative>.
So there there's like those outliers that you, how outta shape is he? You know,
pretty, you know, not, not like obese, probably 5, 10, 2 80, 2 90.
That's not obese. I mean that's obese, but I'm I'm saying he's not like,
you know, he's not on TLC 600 pound life or nothing, but that's OB that's.
Morbidly obese though. Yeah. Great. That's he's a hundred pounds.
Overweight. Yeah. He's he's heavy. Yeah. though.
That's crazy. Should.
22, 22, 22. Heartbreaking too. That's.
What was so that's what's such a bummer man.
It's like we have such a problem with obesity in this country and poor diet.
And that is the number one comorbidity factor.
Apparently for COVID death is being overweight.
Should be a wake up call, like get in shape. Jesus.
Christ. It should be. But you know, I've had overweight people on the podcast.
I'm like you do anything about it. I can't wait for the vaccine.
Like what about now? What about now? Went.
Went to Tim do's house to pick him up cuz he is co-hosting king and staying with
me. I go to pick him up cause he lives pretty close to me. He's come in,
check out the new pad, man.
We go into this room and there's workout equipment and go.
So here's my elliptical that I stare at every morning.
There's my treadmill that I like to take pictures of.
I'm like you don't use 'em he's like, nah, I just, I don't know, man.
I got 'em here though.
Catch new episodes that Joe Rogan experience for free only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog Jr. E videos on Spotify, including clips,
easily email switch between video and audio experience
on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data cost. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You need to search for the Jerry on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan experience.